Update creating-nuget-packages.md (#16356)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/deploying/creating-nuget-packages.md

---

> title: Create a NuGet Package with .NET Core CLI

Reviewer: Sorry, just noticed something else that was wrong

```suggestion
title: Create a NuGet package with .NET Core CLI
```

> title: Create a NuGet Package with .NET Core command-line tools

Reviewer: We can actually just say .NET Core CLI 
https://styleguides.azurewebsites.net/StyleGuide/Read?id=2696&topicid=44109

```suggestion
title: Create a NuGet Package with .NET Core CLI
```
